I'm cooking rainbow trout which is a
little salt pepper i'ma do what Tara
loved to cook he serves up fine cuisine
in the quiet town of middleburg Virginia
known to the locals as horse country
amadou comes from ivory coast his food
Italian violin and ivory coast Culinary
Institute I've working then friends for
three years then moved to us since 1987
from 87 to up to nineteen ninety nine I
was working on the Italian ships while
amadou fires up the kitchen his wife
Nicole pampers the guests my husband
she's really a good chef really he loved
to cook any he knows what he's doing
amadou opened his first restaurant in
rockville maryland in 1999 seven years
later he and Nicole decided to sell it
and open up another one closer to home
salvia comes from the Latin name of sage
and sage is one of a madhu's favorite
herbs he's the head chef of his
restaurant his staff includes a few
servers a dishwasher a hostess and a
sous chef great guys he taught me so
much about cooking much of a madhu's
menu is inspired from his hometown roots
back in Africa we eat a lot of
vegetables to one of the specialty item
is the lamb shank osso buco which is a
basically is it published to with some a
root vegetable carrot celery onion
seller would arise which is basically go
back to the African you know tradition
so what's on the menu tonight the rock
fish fillet and a steak medium please
this is a pensive rockfish having the
rockfish very good we're doing some beet
ravioli which is with a creamy beet
sauce right here the beet ravioli is one
of my favorites we have a Swedish couple
that comes in and they travel a lot so
they'll let us know a couple days in
advance when they'll be back in my
vision is basically when you look on my
food you eat my food with your iPhone's
ok that the presentations more of the
key to me get an order of a pear salad
any aspirations to cook a state dinner
for the president I'm very happy Barack
Obama become you know the first black
president of us I will be more than
happy more than happy to you know to go
to the white hat and cook I will cook
some Italian food there's no doubt
owning a restaurant is hard work amadou
works six days a week but on his off day
he shops for the restaurants he's coming
up on his third year anniversary in a
couple of weeks I'm voice of America's
Lisa vora in middleburg Virginia we're
ready for the gas is to call for the
second entree okay